review Post and Database (#158)
hjwp/Book-TDD-Web-Dev-Python: chapter_post_and_database.asciidoc

If you've never heard of a _Cross-Site Request Forgery_ exploit, why not look it up now?
Like all security exploits, it's entertaining to read about,
being an ingenious use of a system in unexpected ways.
// CSANAD:  I think it would be a good idea to suggest using OWASP as a reference for IT

> //          security: https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/csrf

Reviewer: it's already the number 1 result on google...

> // CSANAD:  I think it would be a good idea to suggest using OWASP as a reference for IT
> //          security: https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/csrf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> // CSANAD:  I think it would be a good idea to suggest using OWASP as a reference for IT
> //          security: https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/csrf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    {% csrf_token %}
  </form>
  <table id="id_list_table">

>     <tr><td>{{ new_item_text }}</td></tr>  # <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <tr><td>{{ new_item_text }}</td></tr>  <1>
```

hashes don't work as comments in html.  it renders ok in the book anyways.

    )
----
====
// CSANAD:  on the 4th line:
//          `item.text = request.POST["item_text"]`
//          we accessed item_text using the get() method previously:

> //          `item.text = request.POST.get("item_text", "")`

Reviewer: yes it's a bit janky.  you can see the request.POST.get is still in the codeblock lower down.

OK
----

> // CSANAD:  The test will actually fail because of `self.fail("Finish the test!")`

Reviewer: hmmm i'll need to check this.

Author: I'll double check later tonight but I can't recall commenting that line out in this version of the book yet.

Author: Ok, so what I found is this `self.fail` is still there in chapter_philosophy_and_refactoring
https://github.com/hjwp/book-example/blob/3d1c41518597cc43f18c1d8a8ac86967998ebc3b/functional_tests.py

But it's been removed from chapter_post_and_database
https://github.com/hjwp/book-example/blob/335a69f69ec9dfac6fe567dcab47cbfbcbc27968/functional_tests.py

I couldn't find this change in either of the chapters' text though.

Reviewer: ok the change is in the listing here at ch05l015.  i'll change the text to make it clearer that we are deleting the self.fail.  thanks buddy.

* And we've used at least three different FT debugging techniques: in-line
  print statements, ++time.sleep++s, and improving the error messages.

> // CSANAD:  I can't find where we used in-line print, maybe it's been removed?

Reviewer: good point!

> * And we've used at least three different FT debugging techniques: in-line
>   print statements, ++time.sleep++s, and improving the error messages.
> // CSANAD:  I can't find where we used in-line print, maybe it's been removed?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* And we've used two different FT debugging techniques:
  ++time.sleep++s, and improving the error messages.
```
